The king heard that the general woke up
Came to visit
But never thought
I actually saw the second lady of your mansion cover the sky with one hand
I'm just worried about my lord
Jiang Wanyue and the Crown Prince's divorce was the emperor's decree
The second lady said so
Do you have any comments?
Minister dare not minister
Someone is crying
Will everything be okay?
What Rong'er said yesterday is indeed right
Jiang Wanyue is a feisty sword
Father, in your absence
My sister learned some side ways
He hurt the butler and messed up my face
Also provoked the prince
Then listen to me
Oh, my God.
You dead girl
So presumptuous before you pay
Ah let it go let it go
Wan'er Ayue
Is what your aunt and sister said true?